Milions years of evolution guided by instincts
Primitive ways that brought the mankind to nowadays
like another species in nature war is wrote in our DNA code
unlike another species in nature we had disconnected from the enviroment  

A perfect biological machine
The most advanced technology 
Improved social skills
Concience and values 
We created extraction machines
We dominate the medicines
Are we result of an accidental fact?
Or are we created by creator´s power?

What is the origin of our race? 
We are a god´s tool or an accident? 
Maybe we are living in a infinite virtual space

Human - Insignificant race
Living in a insignificant planet
In a little fraction of time
Seeking a puspose to life


Human - God or spawn
Fearing the final danw 



With the same power of the gods
 

This world can be a zoo

Can we are living in a zoo?
Can this world was created for us?
Maybe we are living in a infinite virtual space

Religion comes from human to human 
To say that the man is special 
But 

We are special or we are a insignificant voyager in a fraction of time?



Consuming resources exponentialy
Multiplying our race as bacteria 
Leading the planet to a critical extinction 

we created extracting machines 
we created diverse deseases
we developed some medicines 
we fighted against our brothers 
by power by greed
by religion, ideals and skin color
the human race are writing your history in loop

what is the future waiting for us? can we choose another/ a better way?
Maybe we are living in a infinite virtual space
Reality created by a superior race 
For study and play with us 
is it the destiny forced to us? 
Can we stop this worls to reconstruct from 0?

we are looking/seeking for existential responses
there are many thoughs to explain 

the future of the mankind is a blank page
can we change or rewrite
or believe in destiny

we can choose to living in harmony with the enviroment
or explore another planets and galaxyes
or repeat the history

writed by blood with glorous wars
civilizations erased by holy genocides

depends of our sense of evolution/life 
how we see the nature 
science guided to improve evolution 




